Bed Bug Addendum

Please note: We want to maintain a high-quality living environment for you. It’s important to work together to
minimize the potential for bed bugs in your dwelling and others. This addendum outlines your responsibility
and potential liability when it comes to bed bugs. It also gives you some important information about them.

Addendum. This is an addendum to the Lease Contract that you,
the resident or residents, signed on the dwelling you have agreed
to rent. That dwelling is:

Apt. # at

(name of apartments)
or other dwelling located at 676 Danube Drive

(street address of house, duplex, etc.)
Horizon City (city)
TX (state) 79928 (zip).

Purpose. This addendum modifies the Lease Contract to address
any infestation of bed bugs (Cimex lectularius) that might be found
in the dwelling or on your personal property. We will rely on repre-
sentations that you make to us in this addendum.

Inspection and Infestations. We are not aware of any current
evidence of bed bugs or bed-bug infestation in the dwelling.

BY SIGNING THIS ADDENDUM, YOU REPRESENT THAT:

+ YOU HAVE INSPECTED THE DWELLING BEFORE MOVING
IN OR SIGNING THIS ADDENDUM, AND YOU DID NOT
FIND ANY EVIDENCE OF BED BUGS OR BED-BUG INFES-
TATIONS, OR

- YOU WILL INSPECT THE DWELLING WITHIN 48 HOURS
AFTER MOVING IN OR SIGNING THIS ADDENDUM AND
WILL NOTIFY US OF ANY BED BUGS OR BED-BUG INFES-
TATION.

You represent and agree that you have read the information about
bed bugs provided by us and that you are not aware of any infesta-
tion or presence of bed bugs in your current or previous dwellings,
furniture, clothing, personal property and possessions and that you
have fully disclosed to us any previous bed-bug infestation or issue
that you have experienced.

If you disclose a previous experience of bed-bug infestation, we can
review documentation of the treatment and inspect your personal
property and possessions to confirm the absence of bed bugs.

Access for Inspection and Pest Treatment. You must allow us
and our pest-control agents access to the dwelling at reasonable
times to inspect for or treat bed bugs. You and your family mem-
bers, occupants, guests, and invitees must cooperate and not in-
terfere with inspections or treatments. We have the right to select
any licensed pest-control professional to treat the dwelling and
building. We can select the method of treating the dwelling, build-
ing, and common areas for bed bugs. We can also inspect and treat
adjacent or neighboring dwellings to the infestation, even if those
dwellings are not the source or cause of the known infestation. Si-
multaneously as we treat the dwelling, you must, at your expense,
have your personal property, furniture, clothing, and possessions
treated according to accepted treatment methods by a licensed
pest-control firm that we approve. If you fail to do so, you will be
in default and we will have the right to terminate your right of oc-
cupancy and exercise all rights and remedies under the Lease Con-
tract. You agree not to treat the dwelling for a bed-bug infestation
on your own.

5. Notification. You must promptly notify us:

e of any known or suspected bed-bug infestation or presence in
the dwelling, or in any of your clothing, furniture, or personal
property;

eof any recurring or unexplained bites, stings, irritations, or
sores on the skin or body that you believe are caused by bed
bugs, or by any condition or pest you believe is in the dwelling;

AND

e if you discover any condition or evidence that might indicate
the presence or infestation of bed bugs, or if you receive any
confirmation of bed-bug presence by a licensed pest-control
INSURANCE ADDENDUM

1. Addendum. This is an addendum to the TAA Lease Contract for Apt. No. in the

Apartments in :

Texas OR

the house, duplex, etc. located at (street address) 676 Danube Drive
in Horizon City , Texas.

The terms of this addendum will control if the term of the Lease and this addendum conflict.

2. Required Insurance Policy. |n accordance with the Lease, you understand and agree that this addendum requires Resident, at
Resident's sole expense, to buy and maintain a liability insurance policy during the entire Lease term and any renewal periods that provides
limits of liability to third parties in amount not less than$___100000.00 _peroccurrence. The liability insurance policy Resident buys
and maintains must cover the actions or inactions of Resident and your occupants and guests, and be issued or underwritten by a carrier
of your choice licensed to do business in Texas. The required insurance policy must identify the Owner identified in the Lease (or another
entity designated by Owner) as an “Interested Party” or “Party of Interest” that will be notified by the insurer of any cancellation, non-
renewal, or material change in your coverage no later than 30 days after such action. You must provide us written proof of compliance with
the Lease and this addendum on or prior to the Lease commencement date; and if you do not you will not be granted possession of the
Premises. You must also provide us written proof of compliance within 7 days of our written request at any other time we request it.

3. Acknowledgement. You acknowledge that Owner does not acquire or maintain insurance for Resident's benefit
THE REQUIRED INSURANCE POLICY UNDER THIS ADDENDUM DOES
NOT PROTECT YOU AGAINST LOSS OR DAMAGE TO YOUR PERSONAL PROPERTY OR BELONGINGS. YOU ARE STRONGLY
ENCOURAGED TO BUY INSURANCE THAT COVERS YOU AND YOUR PROPERTY.

| have read, understand and agree to comply with the preceding provisions: [All Residents must sign this addendum]

Celena Marie DeLano Oheian Briones
Signature of All Residents Signature of Owner or Owner’s Representative

Texas Apartment Association
This Lease Contract (“Lease”) is between you, the resident(s) as listed below and us. The terms “you” and “your” refer to all residents.
The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the owner listed below.

PARTIES
Residents Celena Marie Delano Owner Elsa Velazquez

Occupants Ethan Delano

LEASE DETAILS

A. Dwelling (Par. 2) & House 0 duplex or 0 other unit and any ground, garage or improvements located at:
Street Address; 676 Danube Drive
City: Horizon City State: TX Zip: 79928

al Lease Term. Begins: 12/09/2022 Ends at 11:59 p.m. on: 11/30/2023

C. Monthly Base Rent (Par. 3) E. Security Deposit (Par. 5) F. Notice of Termination or Intent to Move Out (Par. 4)
Aminimum of 30 days’ written notice of
1100.00 —_
$ 1100.00 $ termination or intent to move out required at end of initial Lease
term or during renewal period

Note that this amount does not
D. Prorated Rent include any Animal Deposit, which If the number of days isn’t filled in, notice of at least 30 days
would be reflected in an Animal is required.

$ 843.33 Addendum.
® due for the remainder of 1st

month or
0 for 2nd month

G. Late Fees (Par. 3.3)

Initial Late Fee Daily Late Fee

g 12 % of one month's monthly base rent or im) % of one month's monthly base rent for days or
Os os for days

Due if rent unpaid by 11:59 p.m. on the (3rd or greater) day of the month

H. Returned Check or Rejected J. Optional Early Termination Fee (Par. 7.2) | . Animal Violation Charge (Par. 12.2)
Payment Fee (Par. 3.4) Initial charge of § 100.00 per animal (not
$ to exceed $100 per animal) and

§ 25.00 Notice of days is required.

You are not eligible for early termination if Adaily charge of $ per animal
|. Reletting Charge (Par. 7.1) you are in default. (not to exceed $10 per day per animal)

. Fee must be paid no later than
Areletting charge of § 935.00 days after you give us notice

(not to exceed 85% of the highest
monthly Rent during the Lease term)
may be charged in certain default
situations

If values are blank or “0,” then this section does
not apply.

L. Additional Rent - Monthly Recurring Fixed Charges. You will pay separately for these items as outlined below and/or in separate addenda,
Special Provisions
Mold Information and Prevention Addendum

Please note: We want to maintain a high-quality living environment for our residents. To help achieve this

goal, it is important that we work together to minimize any mold growth in your dwelling. This addendum
contains important information for you, and responsibilities for both you and us.

1. Addendum. This is an addendum to the Lease Contract executed by
you, the resident or residents, on the dwelling you have agreed to rent.

That dwelling is: Unit # at

(name of apartments)

or other dwelling located at 676 Danube Drive

(street address of house, duplex, etc.)

City/State where dwelling is located Horizon City, TX

2. About Mold.


